Just say it.
Leave immediately
Leave Beijing
Leave Xiangjiang City
Never step into Xiangjiang City
Sorry to disappoint you.
I will never quit my job
Will not leave the banana owner
How attractive are you?
No more beautiful than your daughter
Are you sure you can tie Beiting's heart?
It's not my job to tie the president's heart
I'll give you two options now.
first
Just leave Xiangjiang City immediately
The second is to leave after being disgraced
Ziting
You're a smart kid.
You should know how to choose, right?
Mrs. Zhan, I work day and night every day
Just to
You can buy a house of your own in Xiangjiang City
Own a home of your own
I have never delusional about any one
A man who doesn't belong to him
How ambitious are you?
Only you know
I'm just informing you once.
Leave Xiangjiang City immediately
Otherwise, this departure will be more embarrassing than last time
I told you before.
I will not leave Xiangjiang City in the early morning
Mrs. Zhan, if you have any dirty tricks
Although let me accompany you to the end